Webhook docs (#226)
rancher/webhook: docs.md

# core/v1 
 
## Namespace 

### Validation Checks
Note: The kube-system namespace, unlike other namespaces, has a "failPolicy" of "ignore" on update calls.

#### PSA Label Validation

> Validates that users who are changing a label for PSA enforcement (on update, or creating a namespace with a label for PSA enforcement in create) have the `updatepsa` verb on `projects` in `management.cattle.io/v3`. See the [upstream docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission/) for more information on the effect of these labels.

Author: I'm a little uneasy about this change since I think the wording is less precise - i.e. if you are creating a namespace with this annotation we still check this value. The enforcement is on the namespace object, not on the label.

That being said, I think it's a lot easier to read.

> Validates that users who are changing a label for PSA enforcement (on update, or creating a namespace with a label for PSA enforcement in create) have the `updatepsa` verb on `projects` in `management.cattle.io/v3`. See the [upstream docs](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission/) for more information on the effect of these labels.

Author: Change made.

The following labels are considered relevant labels for PSA enforcement: `"pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce", "pod-security.kubernetes.io/enforce-version", "pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit", "pod-security.kubernetes.io/audit-version", "pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn", "pod-security.kubernetes.io/warn-version"`.

# management.cattle.io/v3 
 
## ClusterRoleTemplateBinding 

### Validation Checks
#### Escalation Prevention

> Users can only create/update ClusterRoleTemplateBindings which grant permissions to RoleTemplates which have less permissions than they do. This is to prevents privilege escalation. 

Author: Change made.

#### Invalid Fields - Create
Users cannot create ClusterRoleTemplateBindings which violate the following constraints:
- Either a user subject (through "UserName" or "UserPrincipalName") or a group subject (through "GroupName" or "GroupPrincipalName"), but not both, must be specified
- A "ClusterName" must be specified
- The roleTemplate indicated in "RoleTemplateName" must be:
  - Valid (i.e. is an existing `roleTemplate` object in the `management.cattle.io/v3` apiGroup)
  - Not locked (i.e. `roleTemplate.Locked` must be `false`)

#### Invalid Fields - Update
Users canot update the following fields after creation:
- RoleTemplateName
- ClusterName

Users can update the following fields if they have not been set, but after they have been set they can't be changed:
- UserName
- UserPrincipalName
- GroupName
- GroupPrincipalName

In addition, as in the create validation, both a user subject and a group subject cannot be specified.
## GlobalRole 

### Validation Checks
Note: all checks are bypassed if the GlobalRole is being deleted

#### Escalation Prevention

> Users can only change GlobalRoles which have less permissions than they do. This is to prevents privilege escalation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can only change GlobalRoles with rights less than or equal to those they currently possess. This is to prevents privilege escalation. 
```

- A "ProjectName" must be specified
- The roleTemplate indicated in "RoleTemplateName" must be:
  - Valid (i.e. is an existing `roleTemplate` object in the `management.cattle.io/v3` apiGroup)
  - Not locked (i.e. `roleTemplate.Locked` must be `false`)

#### Invalid Fields - Update
Users canot update the following fields after creation:
- RoleTemplateName
- ProjectName

Users can update the following fields if they have not been set, but after they have been set they can't be changed:
- UserName
- UserPrincipalName
- GroupName
- GroupPrincipalName

In addition, as in the create validation, both a user subject and a group subject cannot be specified.
## RoleTemplate 

### Validation Checks
Note: all checks are bypassed if the RoleTemplate is being deleted

####  Circular Reference
Circular references to webhooks (a inherits b, b inherits a) are not allowed. More specifically, if "roleTemplate1" is included in the `roleTemplateNames` of "roleTemplate2", then "roleTemplate2" must not be included in the `roleTemplateNames` of "roleTemplate1". This checks prevents the creation of roles whose end-state cannot be resolved.

#### Rules Without Verbs 

> Rules without verbs are not peritted. The `rules` included in a roleTemplate are of the same type as the rules used by standard kubernetes RBAC types (such as `Roles` from `rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1`). Because of this, they inherit the same restrictions as these types, including this one.

Author: Thanks for catching the spelling error, will fix that. I will keep the suffix to this - I want to be clear that this restriction is because of the underlying restriction and I don't think that this is clear without that.

> Rules without verbs are not peritted. The `rules` included in a roleTemplate are of the same type as the rules used by standard kubernetes RBAC types (such as `Roles` from `rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1`). Because of this, they inherit the same restrictions as these types, including this one.

Reviewer: Yeah, the suffix was just a nit. It appears redundant, but it doesn't hurt.
